
To make it easier to retain settings from one release to the next, the Import Database function has been re-written.  You no longer have to re-create your settings, either in the main window or in the various Setup options, when you install a new version of OpenSDR-PowerSDR mRX PS. 

When you start up a new release for the first time, the program will detect that your database file was created by a previous version and attempt to create a new database version from it. The first thing that happens is a database reset, so that you start with a fresh one that's completely valid for the current release, and then the program closes as always for a reset. When you re-start it, if the old database file is intact and was working with the previous release, it should import fine and a pop-up window will tell you it succeeded.  When you close this info window by clicking "OK" the program will start-up normally and have all your previous settings and options, looking just like it did before you upgraded to the new version.  The old version of your database file is saved unchanged in the DB_Archive folder, and a new database.xml file replaces it in same place it was before. There should no longer be any need for Setup window screen shots.

If desired, you can still open the Setup window, manually reset the database using the "Reset Database" button, and then import another valid database file by clicking the "Import Database" button, or start personalizing from scratch as before.  

The new database importer also checks for badly corrupted database files and rejects them, directing the user to reset and start over, or try importing another database file that is known to have functioned in the past.  In most cases, even with a very old database file, at least some of the previous settings and options will be imported.

In addition to handling complete database files created in an old release, the new Import Database function in Setup lets you import *partial* databases, too.  This means if you have a database file that contains a subset of settings or options, the Import function will simply add them to what is already present in the running database (still requiring a re-start, as usual).  For example, if you have a database (XML) file containing a single Transmit Profile definition, you can send it to a friend and they can import it so they can use your customized profile too.

Therefore, to support this kind of TXProfile sharing, there is also a new button in the Setup - Transmit tab labeled "Export Current Profile." When clicked, it produces this kind of XML file containing only the currently selected Transmit Profile.  The file will be stored in the same directory where your database.xml file is located, and given a file name that's the same as the exported transmit profile's name.  You can then send it to another ham for import into their own database using the Import Profile button in Setup.

To summarize, the following controls in the Setup - Transmit tab support working with transmit profiles and databases:
1) The "Profiles" section at the upper left, where you can select which profile is the current one from your personal collection.  This is where you can also save a profile you've just set up, under a new name, or delete one you no longer need.
2) The "More Profiles" section at the upper right.  When you check the "More Profiles" checkbox, you get a scrollable list of additional default profiles that come with the installation. You can then bring the one you highlight (click on) into your own group of profiles (see #1) by clicking the "Include" button just below this list.
3) At the center extreme right side is a new button labeled "Export Current Profile" that you can use to export the currently active transmit profile (see #1) to send to someone or archive for yourself.
4) At lower left are three Database buttons that operate as before, except the "Import Database" function can now be used to import transmit profiles that were produced by the Export button - either by you or someone else.  (These three buttons appear no matter what tab you've selected in setup.)

In addition to using Setup, you can select which of your saved profiles is to be used as the current (operational) profile in the main window using the pull-down list at lower right near the other audio controls, which appears when a voice mode (e.g. SSB, DSB, AM, or FM) is selected.

To export a transmit profile:
1) Click the Setup menu item to bring up the Setup window, and select the Transmit tab.
2) Select the profile you want to export using the "Profiles" pull-down list at upper left.
3) Click the "Export Current Profile" button at center, extreme right.
4) A file with the same name as the profile is written in your database directory

To import a transmit profile:
1) Click the Setup menu item to bring up the Setup window, and select the Transmit tab.
2) Click the "Import Database" button at lower left.
3) Select the database file containing the profile you want to import, and click OK
4) If the import is successful, you will be notified that the program will shut down.
5) Re-start OpenSDR-PowerSDR mRX PS. 
6) The newly imported profile will appear as an additional choice in the Profiles pull-down list in Setup-Transmit.
